Hello and welcome to the saving section in this section.
We are going to be looking at how we take the state of that game and serialize it into a binary file
so that when we open the game later on we can these serialize it back into a game and put all our player
positions back to normal the health remembered kill off the characters we've already killed and so on
so forth so that when we move between levels also we are going to have a solid experience of having
changed the world.
So let's have a look at how it looks in the prototype.
So if I go ahead and hit play I haven't got a save at the moment but as soon as I start I will have
created a save or soon after I start I will create a save system save file.
Now what I want to show you is that if I go and beat up a character over here so beat up this guy and
kill him then he is doing damage to me as well as me having killed him off.
So the player over here has got some health taken off him the number of health points that are left
available to the player is that look health he's got a hundred and seventy health.
So I'm just going to leave the level now
and then return back into the level.
So this has done a scene load.
So basically everything was lost and had to be regenerated.
You can see that the character I killed he's still dead.
And if I look at my character he has got still 170 health points.
Now also the position of everybody is remembered.
So this guard is going to chase me now all the way to the portal and if I go through he is going to
still be there when I get back and things won't change I wouldn't really have escaped him for long.
So I come back and here he is still beating me up and I can beat him up to a pulp until he's dead.
And when I came back through he would still be dead.
That's the whole point of this section and it's going to teach us a lot of interesting stuff about binary
and how C sharp is actually storing a lot of our data.
So let's dive in and see how it's done.